Add chinese translation (#69)
edgedb/easy-edgedb: chapter0/index.md

leadImage: illustration_00.jpg
---

# Welcome - Easy EdgeDB

```{eval-rst}
.. note::

>   See the `chinese translation </easy-edgedb/zh>`_ of this book

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This book is also available in `Chinese</easy-edgedb/zh>`_.
```
